README.md, before:

# Relative Recurring Tasks for Task Warrior

(c) 2014 [Jens Erat] <email@jenserat.de>, MIT License

This is a small hack providing relative recurring tasks with due date some period after completing the current task. [Task Warrior] will not learn such a feature before ["the Great Recurring Task rewrite of 201X, whenever that is"][TW-235], so this had to be dealt with.

## Requirements

[Hook support] comes with Task Warrior 2.4.0. Use of a 2.4.1 build from git is recommended. It brings a fix for [TW-1491], which results in all date attributes being set to epoch 0 (1970-01-01) instead of being deleted.

This hook works with both Python 2 and 3.

## Installation

Link the python script into `~/.task/hooks`, creating this folder as needed. Furthermore, add two [user defined attributes] for recurring tasks:

    task config uda.relativeRecurDue.type duration
    task config uda.relativeRecurDue.label 'Rel. Rec. Due'
    task config uda.relativeRecurWait.type duration
    task config uda.relativeRecurWait.label 'Rel. Rec. Wait'

## Usage

Create a task and set the `relativeRecurDue` and/or `relativeRecurWait` attributes. Some examples:

- You shouldn't mow your lawn more than once a week, but want to keep it short, so shouldn't wait for more than two weeks:

        task add 'Mow the Lawn' relativeRecurWait:1weeks relativeRecurDue:2weeks

- Ate enough fruit? Eat at least daily, but eating another one straight after won't hurt you:

        task add 'Eat a Fruit!' relativeRecurDue:1day

- Is it vacation time yet? Don't go to often, otherwise your taskwarrior log will overfill:

        task add 'Go on vacation' relativeRecurWait:2months

After completion of any of them, follow-up tasks will automatically be created.

You can also complete waiting tasks. For example, you could water your plants just before departing in vacation.

## Caveats

For the initial tasks, no due date is automatically set. You might to add one manually, or just complete the task anyway (and mark it as done, so the follow-up task with correct wait and/or due dates are set).

Be aware that this only happens when the hook triggers on completion, for example if completing a task on another host (like a phone running Mirakel) will complete without creating the follow-up task nor telling you so. A cleanup-job would be very similar to the script and easy to write, but nobody needed it hard enough yet to code it.

[Jens Erat]: http://www.jenserat.de
[Task Warrior]: http://taskwarrior.org
[TW-235]: https://bug.tasktools.org/browse/TW-235
[TW-1491]: https://bug.tasktools.org/browse/TW-1491
[Hook support]: http://taskwarrior.org/docs/design/hooks.html
[user defined attributes]: http://taskwarrior.org/docs/udas.html

Commit message:

Fix for 2.4.1, which denies hooks adding new tasks

README.md, after:

# Relative Recurring Tasks for Task Warrior

(c) 2014 [Jens Erat] <email@jenserat.de>, MIT License

This is a small hack providing relative recurring tasks with due date some period after completing the current task. [Task Warrior] will not learn such a feature before ["the Great Recurring Task rewrite of 201X, whenever that is"][TW-235], so this had to be dealt with.

## Requirements

This hook requires a Task Warrior 2.4.2 build not older than 2015-02-22.

This hook works with both Python 2 and 3.

## Installation

Link the python script into `~/.task/hooks`, creating this folder as needed. Furthermore, add two [user defined attributes] for recurring tasks:

    task config uda.relativeRecurDue.type duration
    task config uda.relativeRecurDue.label 'Rel. Rec. Due'
    task config uda.relativeRecurWait.type duration
    task config uda.relativeRecurWait.label 'Rel. Rec. Wait'

## Usage

Create a task and set the `relativeRecurDue` and/or `relativeRecurWait` attributes. Some examples:

- You shouldn't mow your lawn more than once a week, but want to keep it short, so shouldn't wait for more than two weeks:

        task add 'Mow the Lawn' relativeRecurWait:1weeks relativeRecurDue:2weeks

- Ate enough fruit? Eat at least daily, but eating another one straight after won't hurt you:

        task add 'Eat a Fruit!' relativeRecurDue:1day

- Is it vacation time yet? Don't go to often, otherwise your taskwarrior log will overfill:

        task add 'Go on vacation' relativeRecurWait:2months

After completion of any of them, follow-up tasks will automatically be created.

You can also complete waiting tasks. For example, you could water your plants just before departing in vacation.

## Caveats

For the initial tasks, no due date is automatically set. You might to add one manually, or just complete the task anyway (and mark it as done, so the follow-up task with correct wait and/or due dates are set).

Be aware that this only happens when the hook triggers on completion, for example if completing a task on another host (like a phone running Mirakel) will complete without creating the follow-up task nor telling you so. A cleanup-job would be very similar to the script and easy to write, but nobody needed it hard enough yet to code it.

[Jens Erat]: http://www.jenserat.de
[Task Warrior]: http://taskwarrior.org
[TW-235]: https://bug.tasktools.org/browse/TW-235
[TW-1491]: https://bug.tasktools.org/browse/TW-1491
[user defined attributes]: http://taskwarrior.org/docs/udas.html
